About Zelron Assistance Mobile App

Zelron Mobile App is an open-source non-custodial Bitcoin wallet aiming to store, send and receive satoshis efficiently.
The Zelron Mobile app can be used by anyone.Trusted features can be unlocked by creating an account on Zelron Assistance's main platorm.

The wallet is built in the dart/flutter framework using the Bitcoin Development Kit, specifically the BDK-flutter library.

Note: Backend features not yet released.

www.linktree.com/zelron 

Zelron Assistance Mobile App features

General features
Private keys are generated on the device, and never leave the device (non-custodial)
Wallets are descriptor based. Users can export their wallet descriptors.
Users can switch easily from one wallet to the other on the wallet homepage, as multiple keys can be generated by the app.
Amounts can be viewed as Satoshis or as Bitcoin.
Users can enable RBF for each transaction.
Users can send the full wallet balance (sweep a wallet).

Network fee estimation

Zelron Mobile App rely on Bitcoin Core's smart fee estimation algorithm
Default network fee can be specified in the settings and will be used for all transactions, unless specified when creating a transaction

Multiple network fee presets (3 to 4):
Fastest: aiming for next block
Fast: aiming for three blocks
Medium: aiming for 6 blocks
Economical: aiming for lowest fee possible without the transaction being purged from mempools

Hot wallet securiy

An optional pin from 4 to 8 digits can be set for accessing Zelron Mobile app.
The PIN is optional to prevent users from being accidentally locked out of a wallet without having first performed a backup.
To prevent malicious applications from accessing the app's private keys,they (Private keys) are stored in secure storage and only accessed via the applicatiom when signing transactions, viewing the wallet’s private keys for back-up (mnemonic or xpriv). 
BIP39 passphrase is also stored in secure storage, and can be viewed only via the application.
A single-sig hot wallet wallet is created when initializing the app. By default, this wallet does not have a BIP39 passphrase.
Users can create additional wallets and add an optional BIP39 passphrase.
A warning is displayed until the user has tested his backup by successfully entering his mnemonic.

Hardware wallets and watch-only wallets

Users can import watch-only wallets via QR code, copy-pasting an Xpub/Ypub/Zpub, uploading a Coldcard file or via NFC (for Coldcard).
Users can create PSBTs from watch-only wallets for offline signing.
Users can broadcast PSBTs signed in an offline wallet.

Privacy and utxo management (coin selection)

Users can create labels for receiving addresses. Transactions sent to a receiving address that has a label will inherit the label of the receiving address.
Users can label outbound transactions. The change address of these transactions will inherit the label of the outbound transaction.
Coin selection: users can select which utxos will be spent for each transaction. The UTXOs will have the labels of the transactions that created them. When enabling coin selection, only the selected utxos will be used to create a transaction.
Users can optionally connect to their own electrum server.
The default electrum server of Zelron Assistance does not keep logs. The secondary default electrum server of Blockstream is also believed not to keep logs.
Users can free a specific UTXO. It will be added to a list of unspendable utxos, and will never be used when making transcations unless specific overried. Unfreezing a utxo will make the utxo spendable again.
Combination of "send full amount" and "coin selection": a user can specific a utxo and spend that utxo's entire balance. The network fee will be deducted from the amount sent. This prevents the creation of any change output when moving a utxo from one wallet to another.

Roadmap

Extract and display transaction details of a PSBT file before broadcasting.
Wallet translation in French and Spanish.
Store encrypted backup of wallets on the device.
Encrypted cloud wallet backups for registered Bull Bitcoin users, with a scheme similar to photon-sdk.
Display passphrase and encryption password strength estimator.
Real-time notification of inbound payments via the mempool websocket server.
Optional push notifications for inbound transactions and transaction confirmations.

Integration of Payjoin Client

Shielded transactions for registered Bull Bitcoin users [trusted swap]
Receive Lightning Network payments with automated conversion to on-chain funds [trusted swap].
Integration of compact blocks syncing with the Bitcoin Network, which protects users’ network privacy.
Integration of the Lightning Network Development Kit, allowing the user to create a self-custodial Lightning Wallet.
Integration of a Lightning Service Provider which would allow the user to seamlessly open balanced Lightning Network channels.
Acknowledgements
Most of the code is by Mohit Kumar.
Credits to all devs for contributions and advice.
Big thanks to Spiral, BitcoinZavior for creating BDK-flutter, Thunderbiscuit for BDK-ffi and the BDK team for making this project possible.
Thanks to the Electrum project for creating the backend Bitcoin network interface.
Thanks to Blockstream or the blockchain explorer interface.
Thanks to the Bitcoin Core developers for the underlying node software.
Thanks to Sparrow Wallet for the inspiration for the user interface.
